{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33100\viewh17200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\fi-1920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. Explain what the terminal is in your own words.\
\
A terminal is an interface that allows users to manage their files and directories using a set of commands, flags, and scripts. The terminal is useful to many programers because it reduces the overhead of certain tasks as well as reduces the amount of risk or confusion that comes with working with standard GUIs. In certain cases, tasks can be automated and run in the background as developers focus on other tasks. The terminal on Mac is unix based so there are some minor differences in how it interacts with users as opposed to something like powershell or linux which lends itself to Windows operating systems. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\fi-1920\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\fi-1920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 2. What is the major difference between Git and GitHub?\
\
Git is a version control system that manages and tracks changes in local and remote directories and repositories for a user. It allows for easy tracking and management of changes in files that can then be pushed out and merged to other machines. Github is a widely used online host for repositories and uses Git to communicate and manage changes to its host files. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\fi-1920\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\fi-1920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 3.\'a0 What are the steps to fork a GitHub repository?\
\
In order to fork a Github directory, you first have to navigate to a published repo in Github. Click the fork button and select your profile to fork to. This will create a new fork on your profile which you can then pull, stage commits, and push to Github from your local machine. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \
\
}